DOC: Update README with some more information (#2)
IMAP-Science-Operations-Center/imap-data-access: README.md

# IMAP Data Access Package

This lightweight  Python package allows users to download, query, and upload data from the IMAP Science Data Center (SDC).

## Command Line Utility

### Query / Search for data

```bash
# Find all files from the SWE instrument
imap-data-access query --instrument swe
# Find all files during the year 2024
imap-data-access query --start_date 20240101 --end_date 20241231
```

### Download a file

```bash
# Level 0 SWE file on 2024/01/05
imap-data-access download imap/swe/l0/2024/01/imap_swe_l0_sci_20240105_20240105_v00-00.pkts
```

### Upload a file

```bash
# Upload an l1a file after decoding the l0 CCSDS ".pkts" file

> imap-data-access upload imap/swe/l0/2024/01/imap_swe_l1a_sci_20240105_20240105_v00-00.cdf

Reviewer: ```suggestion
imap-data-access upload imap/swe/l1a/2024/01/imap_swe_l1a_sci_20240105_20240105_v00-00.cdf
```

> This is a minimal Python package that allows users to download, query, and upload data from the IMAP Science Data Center (SDC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This lightweight Python package allows users to download, query, and upload data from the IMAP Science Data Center (SDC).
```

For some reason I feel that using the word 'minimal' here comes off as diminishing of the capability of this package. Users might think 'this is not going to be good enough to handle my complex query'.

Author: I like this suggestion, thanks!

## Command Line Utility

### Query / Search for data

```bash
# Find all files from the SWE instrument
imap-data-access query --instrument swe
# Find all files during the year 2025

> imap-data-access query --start_date 20250101 --end_date 20251231

Reviewer: We might want to use parameters here that actually return results, otherwise users might get discouraged or think something is wrong if they get an empty result?

Author: Good suggestion, I updated to 2024

# Upload a calibration file that exists locally
imap_data_access.upload("imap/mag/calibration/test_calibration.txt")
```

> ## Configuration

Reviewer: I would actually prefer this section to be at the beginning, otherwise users might try to upload a file without first realizing that they need to have a directory structure/`DATA_DIR` env variable configured. But this could be a case of my brain just reproaching the situation different from yours -- we are both right and both wrong 😅

Author: I had this first before, then decided to change it! :) So I can see both ways the same as you. I was thinking people often just want to start using a tool, which is why I put the cli thing up front. I'm happy to move this back up though if you think that is better that way. I don't have a major preference.

Reviewer: Yeah I can't say I have a major preference either, so I will leave it up to you. This is when it would be nice to have a product owner who can make these end-user decisions for us 😂

Author: I left it as-is. Happy to add more content / rearrange later in follow-up PRs too.

> ### Data directory

Reviewer: It might be helpful to include an example of this structure, e.g.:

```
The directory structure is as follows:

imap/
  <instrument>/
    <data_level>/
      <year>/
        <month>/
          <filename>

for example:

imap/
  swe/
    l0/
      2024/
        01/
          imap_swe_l0_sci_20240105_20240105_v00-00.pkts
```

The folder structure for data files within the IMAP SDC is rigidly
defined, so the data access will mimic that structure to make sure
all data is stored in the same heirarchical structure as the SDC.
This will enable seamless transition between a user's local system
and the SDC.

A user's root data location can be specified as an environment
variable ``IMAP_DATA_DIR`` or through a configuration dictionary
within the package itself ``imap_data_access.config["DATA_DIR"]``.

### Data Access URL

To change the default URL that the package accesses, you can set
the environment variable ``IMAP_DATA_ACCESS_URL`` or within the
package ``imap_data_access.config["DATA_ACCESS_URL"]``. The default
is the development server ``https://api.dev.imap-mission.com``.

> ## Troubleshooting

Reviewer: Great idea to add a troubleshooting section!

### Network issues

If you encounter SSL errors similar to the following:

```text
urllib.error.URLError: <urlopen error [SSL: CERTIFICATE_VERIFY_FAILED] certificate verify failed: unable to get local issuer certificate (_ssl.c:997)>
```

> That generally means the Python you're using is not finding your system's root

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That generally means the Python environment you're using is not finding your system's root
```

certificates properly. This means you need to tell Python how to find those certificates
with the following potential solutions.

1. Upgrade the certifi package

    ```bash
    pip install --upgrade certifi
    ```

2. Install system certificates
    Depending on the Python version you installed the program with the command will look something like this:

    ```bash
    /Applications/Python\ 3.10/Install\ Certificates.command

>     ```

Reviewer: Two other troubleshooting cases we could add:

1. `urllib.error.HTTPError: HTTP Error 502: Bad Gateway` - I came across this when I tried a download, I think because the AWS `dev` stacks are currently being re-deployed? But it might be good to add a note that if users see this, to contact the SDC.
2. `FileNotFoundError` could indicate that the user does not have the data directory set up properly.

Author: Added both of these, all still under Networking. Not sure if we want to move them around at all or put differnet sub-headings.
